======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 alone the old man.
Another reason to pick up a beer: the last time we ran out of water.
Another reason to pick up a piece of toast.
Another reason to pick up your phone and start a conversation about nothing.
Another reason to try and avoid a date with a friend who doesn't mind talking about everything.
Another reason why you shouldn't go to a party unless you're totally into the experience.
Another reason why you should never go out until you bring one of those "vacation gifts" (it's a plastic baggie of peanut butter and chocolatey marmalade).
After your first date with a good friend, it's a good idea to try something new. Something that will make them happy. Something that will make you feel very special. Something that will make you feel like the person you want to be. You know you're in love with me, I know what I want, I can give you the world. I know what you want, I can do everything I can to bring you to the next level. I know if a man walked in today he would smell like my car. I know that if you could pull off the trick I would have no need for a spanking. I've seen the wonders of this world and this world would be truly amazing. I'd go so far as to call your fantasy one of "The Great American Bathroom Confessions". I wouldn't lie.
An uncomfortable silence in the bedroom.
An uncomfortable silence in the bedroom.
An uncomfortable silence where you can sit alone.
An uncomfortable silence where your head is so erect you can't even get out.
Artless dancing.
A group hug.
An assortment of weird and wonderful things.
A group hug.
After a long day of talking to myself, I can finally enjoy myself.
A nice warm handjob.
A nice hard dick.
A nice warm hug.
A nice, soft massage.
A nice, tender handjob from your neighbor.
A safe haven.
A strong, innocent young man.
A thick, dark, and sticky massager filled with cum.
A thick, dark, and sticky massager filled with semen.
A sticky mess.
A strange sound.
A sudden realization.
And just because I'm black, how can women be friends with me?
And just because I'm black, how can women be friends with me?
And just because I'm black, how can women be friends with me?
Angelina Jolie .
Actors in black.
Actors in a suit.
Actors of some sort.
Actors of the future.
Actors of the pulps.
Adderall.
Alternative Medicine.
Authentic Mexican cuisine, not some kind of Japanese soup.
Amy Adams.
An annoying old man coming down the stairs.
Actors of a certain age.
An unexpected amount of money in your bank account.
Awkward silence, akward silence, akward silence!
Blackmail.
Blending racism with sex.
Browning.
Butt, Butter and Grindr.
Butt.
Butt with lots of chocolate.
Butt-for-sex.
Catching someone with a huge load and then sticking it back out.
Catching someone with a huge load, then sticking it back out
Catching someone in a "dildo-shaped hole"?
Cock-filled clitless cocks.
Chicken fingers.
Cock of the Month.
Chief Executive Officer.
Chicks.
Chicks.
Concierge prance!
Concierge prance at the bottom of the barrel.
Concealing your head.
Conquest of chiseled jiggles.
Converted milkman.
Convincing your boss that, "Don't worry, I like it. The next time I'll hook up with you."
Disgusting lesbians.
Dissemination.
Dry humping my head into your hand and jerking it in my direction as if it were a cock.
Drooling in ecstasy without a place to turn.
Dry humping my head into her hand and jerking it in my direction as if it were a cock.
Eagerly erecting myself in your arms.
Explosive diarrhea.
Extremely high-pitched chirps.
Endlessly banging your body against a wall.
Extremely high-pitched chirps
Faking a heart attack.
Fisting a fat man.
Fox News personalities.
Free-range chickens.
Free-range chickens.
Faking a heart attack.
Fuck-up cumshot diarrhea.
Fuck-up cumshot diarrhea.
Glorifying a psychopath.
Going to heaven.
Having sex with a dead guy.
Having sex with a dead guy.

